# TTUOSI
Project Overview

Can Twitter sentiment towards a company accurately predict its stock trends? This is the question our project aims to answer. If this research project yields consistent results, that correlate with the stock’s trends, the project will prove extremely useful. Its use will extend beyond the scope of simple investing, for this research has implications in psychology, retail consumer habits, and social media usage. In order to realize the results of our research question, the following procedure will be used: collect data from Twitter, perform sentiment analysis on said data, and make simulated trades according to sentiment. 
Collection of Twitter data will be done once per hour. An hourly update of this data is sufficient because the nature of Twitter is of live, text-based updates. Sentiment analysis, in our system, is recorded on a scale from 0 to 4, with 0 being extremely negative and 4 being extremely positive. This spectrum of sentiment will be used to determine our system’s investment strategy in the simulated stock market. Then, the results of the investment strategy will be displayed graphically on a webpage. 
Our project has gone through some modifications with regards to its structure. Formerly, our procedure was as follows: collection, classification, storage, trading, and display. Collection and classification will remain the same, and data storage has been moved from a database to using just .txt documents. We had anticipated on the Trader Workstation being able to save all of our historical data. But in the last couple of weeks of the project, we discovered that our free trial of the Trader Workstation was giving us dummy data, and therefore had to implement our own paper-trading platform. We decided to implement this into a main module, called Looper class in the codebase. Due to no longer having a means to store historical data, we ended up storing the data in the .txt files. In implementing or own paper trading platform, we relied on stock data from the Yahoo Finance API.
